aunt
Is everyone around me going to be on call?
What you think is sweet
I spend about $24.
that
Things ahead are not as simple as you think
Although you are just an accomplice
But this has not happened once or twice
three things
I won't give you a third chance
From Now On
This is the end of my engagement with Shi Eun Wan-chi
If you dare to hold on to the engagement
I just die.
Is it not right?
Whatever you want.
Do you think your body is what you think it is?
That's not as good as me at all
If he dares to be mediocre
Still ruined
From Now On
You are just my person
Sweet, you are about to become the wife of the president
You hurry up and go to the Civil Affairs Bureau to register with the big boss.
Give more for free
Brother Long Zi will arrange it, don't worry about me.
As for other women?
Brother Longzi doesn't like it
Thanks.
All because you paid the waiter to frame me
You have to accompany me to tell my sister about the engagement
I have nothing now.
Ride your sister to hell with you